feat: 2.0.0-RC2 release (#4157)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/whatsnew-eap.md

We encourage you to try the new DSL out in your multiplatform projects and leave feedback in [YouTrack](https://kotl.in/issue),
as we plan to make this DSL the recommended approach for configuring compiler options.

### New Compose compiler Gradle plugin

> The Jetpack Compose compiler, which translates composables into Kotlin code, has now been merged into the Kotlin repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jetpack Compose compiler, which translates composables into Kotlin code, has been merged into the Kotlin repository.
```

> This will help transition Compose projects to Kotlin 2.0.0, as the Compose compiler will always ship simultaneously with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will help transition of Compose projects to Kotlin 2.0.0, as the Compose compiler will always be released simultaneously with
```

> Kotlin. This also bumps the Compose compiler version to 2.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin. Additionally, this update bumps the Compose compiler to version 2.0.0.
```

}
```

### Common protected property AbstractMutableList.modCount

> The release makes the [`modCount`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-abstract-mutable-list/mod-count.html)

Reviewer: The release changes the `modCount` `protected` property of the `AbstractMutableList` interface to common.

You can use the `modCount` property to register and detect concurrent modifications when implementing a custom list.

### Common protected function AbstractMutableList.removeRange

The release makes the [`removeRange()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-abstract-mutable-list/remove-range.html)
`protected` function of the `AbstractMutableList` interface common.
Previously, on each platform but not for the common target. Now, you can create custom implementations of `AbstractMutableList`
and override the function in common code.

The function removes elements from this list following the specified range. By overriding this function, you can take
advantage of the custom implementations and improve the performance of the list operation.

### Common String.toCharArray(destination) function

This release introduces a common [`String.toCharArray(destination)`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.text/to-char-array.html)
function. Previously, it was only available on the JVM.

Let's compare it with the existing [`String.toCharArray()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.text/to-char-array.html)

> function. It creates a new `CharArray` that contains characters from the specified string. The new common

Reviewer: Not clear what meant "It' here: It creates — existing one?
